05-18-26 GEO CHECKER - May 18 VIEW RECORDING - 158 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/h5jnqeumx71xstZ4kAkxZtZuxnF8fgWU
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
25:06 - Tim Okay, no problem. All right. So we are going to discuss how to make a web application. All right. And it's really important for you to know, hey, what are the possibilities for me personally, uh, at IOZera. SCREEN SHARING: Chandana started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/h5jnqeumx71xstZ4kAkxZtZuxnF8fgWU?timestamp=1527.485619 And, you know, obviously we talked about building websites, you'll make $400. That's nice. Uh, but we will be building a lot of web apps for clients. Uh, it could be web apps. could be, uh, other things. And I'm going to walk you through the process because I see that the people that I thought understood how to build a web app, they really didn't know how. Okay. So the first thing that all. Developers should know. And for people like Maria, they have formal training on how to build apps. But the way that I have learned to build apps in the past is much different. Okay? When you go to school to build a web app, they make you think about code and everything else is assumed that you'll know what to build. The minute that you eliminate that assumption that you don't know what to build, then that's where creativity and imagination comes in. Okay? And if you work for a company, yes, they will tell you this is the functionality we need and build it. But in reality, it's never like that. Okay? In reality, you have to, you know, work with a client, kind of understand or maybe even offer, you know, ideas on what you can build. That is a departure from traditional education for coding. So the people who can code, that's kind of one subsection or subset of the universe. The people who can have imagination and find for themselves what functionality that should go in and maybe kind of say, hey, you know, you told me to do this, but really we could do this. That's a different, you know, skill set. And then the ultimate skill set is being able to develop the whole thing by yourself without someone else directing you.
27:44 - Sue | Sweet Marielle May Okay.
27:46 - Tim And so we'll talk about the process and then we can kind of drill down into the documents that you'll need because it's way better to give the AI. Documentation as you're building something. Okay. Just as you would, as if you were giving an engineer or whatever instructions, if you try to build something with just prompts, you'll have a hard time. Okay. So the first thing you need to do is understand what you're building. Okay. That comes first. And believe it or not, we have some people here that don't skip the step. Right. And, and usually the first step in this is brainstorming with colleagues, stakeholders to define the features. Okay. What the web application needs and what it doesn't need is critical. So for some people who may not have colleagues that are, what's what I want to look for, qualified to brainstorm with, then I suggest that you brainstorm with AI. Okay. And the best, in my opinion, the best AI to brainstorm with is Sesame. And that's what we did in Manila. I taught people how to brainstorm with Sesame and even Though Claude Code can brainstorm, even though ChatGBT can brainstorm, believe it or not, Sesame is quite effective and maybe even more effective for brainstorming, okay? And we're going to walk through brainstorming in a second, all right? Brainstorming is your way of figuring out what the path should be and business model, okay? But before there was AI for coding, there used to be issues between what the business needed in an application and what the developers thought they should build, okay? For example, who decides what? What to build? The developers or the people doing the sales, right? And the developers would say, oh, those people don't even know anything about coding, right? And then the salespeople would say, oh, those people are, those devs are building something. We don't even need that. We need something else. So there's always this conflict between the business people in a company and the developers in a company. And how do you get them to both work together?
31:33 - mohamed sami But developers should listen to the salespeople because the salespeople who are the one in contact with the client and know his needs. So like the communication here is crucial.
31:46 - Tim Believe it or not, Sophia, that's, that's a common, you know, perception for the salespeople. But I tell you one thing, if you talk to a dev team, they'll say that they'd rather build it and not... Talk to the salespeople, because salespeople will tell them gibberish.
32:03 - Sue | Sweet Marielle May Okay.
32:05 - Tim Okay. So, and that happens, right? So what we have is a way for the salespeople to communicate what they want to the devs, and that is an official document. That is a document that you will always create when you build a web app. Now, I want to tell you the difference between a web app and a website. They're different. A web app is something that has functionality, okay, like Sauce, S-A-O-S, or iFund, or GeoTracker. These are web applications, not websites. Obviously, they're websites and web destinations, but when you combine what the GeoTracker will do and all the functionality, it's more than a website. So in this case, when we talk about a web application that does something, then we talk about needing documentation, not just for ourselves to pass back and forth and make sure we're happy with the document, but also to feed to AI, which makes everything much easier. So this document is called a BRD, Business Requirement Document. It's the salespeople or the CEO or other non-technical people saying to the developers, this is the functionality we need. Now I'm going to state a couple of important things that these are new concepts that you have to know. We have learned how to prompt, hey, Claude, make me this, hey, Claude, make me that, or hey, ChatGVT, write this code or edit this code or whatever. I want you to erase that from your mind when we talk about web apps. We do not prompt like that with traditional, with traditional, I want to make sure that I don't confuse you here. Okay, let's say that Vibe Coding is just talking to AI and making traditional prompts. When you do a web app, you don't do that. You develop skills and you develop tools that the web app will use. Okay? So... So... ... Some skills Claude already has. All right? So you may say, hey, Claude, do you have a skill that can take this information, rewrite it, and then email my friends? Maybe it's already there. Okay? Hey, Claude, do you have a skill that will visit this website and pull all of the text from it and bring it back for me to analyze? Okay? If Claude says, no, I don't, then you say, make the skill. Okay? And a web application is a combination of skills and tools. Okay? So for the most part, of course, you'll still do traditional prompting, like, hey, I want this website to look like this, or I want to try this, but... Really, you want to make sure that anything that's in the BRD, that is a, anything that is a feature, for example, hey, I want Claude to go to this website, when the user puts in the website, and give it a visibility score. That is a skill, okay? You need to ask Claude to make that skill. If you want to say, hey, hey, Claude, uh, we want, uh, to make a skill where the dentist will, will put their link in there, uh, to their website, and then I want you to check ChatGBT, Grok, Llama, and 10 other Websites and see if they are visible with these 20 common prompts, Invisalign, Implants, whatever, okay? So then Claude will create a skill that will fetch the answers to see which LLM is recommending those specific services, okay? This might be a bot, it might be a skill, it could be a tool. And those are the three things that we're gonna need to create when we make a web app. And the bots I'm not gonna talk about now, but really those are the main three things, okay? So we've got skill. We've got tools, and we've got bots. Okay. After you make the BRD, you can just prompt for a development document that you can send to Claude, or you can call it a DevDoc, or you can call it an SOW, Scope of Work. Okay. So you're going to have like this kind of rambling, brainstorming thing as your first document. You're going to take that rambling, brainstorming ideas and whatever, it would be nice if it could do this, and then you convert that into a BRD, and then you convert the BRD into That is the foundation of your web app. If you go through these steps and you have talked to the stakeholders, me, other people, and gotten their feedback, gone back and forth, you're not going to make a mistake on the UI. Okay. How does it work? How should the UI be this and that? All of that gets handled in the BRD. Okay. So to make screens and not have a BRD or not have a brainstorming or not have anything like that is not acceptable. And that is why I was kind of so quick to be harsh with Gerson. Because I thought that he had 20 years experience in building web applications, and he skipped all of these steps, okay, and he didn't know what he did wrong, and maybe I didn't explain it to him, but I could see right away that he, what he did was wrong, okay. So what we're going to do is go through this, and then we're going to, you can start building your web app with Vibe Coding once you have these three things, and it's going to make things all so much easier. Okay, so Sue, I'm going to Vibe, I'm going to brainstorm with Maya, and just make sure we take some notes. You can take general notes, but then obviously you can take the transcript of this part, and then share it with everyone, okay?
40:58 - Sue | Sweet Marielle May Okay. All right.
41:00 - Tim And I want everyone to just trust me. Anyone can do this. If you follow the steps and you, you know, do some practice, anyone can do this. And these web apps, we can, you know, we may have a client and we may charge them $20,000. Or we may charge them $50,000 for a web app. So if you're good at building web apps, the sky is the limit for you. Now, obviously, if you can build a web app, you can build a website. Okay. You know, obviously, we have some people here that tried to build a website before they didn't go through the process. Maybe I didn't define it so well. But, but if you can do this process, then the website is much easier. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to just brainstorm with, with Maya, and then Try to just take as much notes as you can, okay? And Maya doesn't let me, let me see. She doesn't let me save that. Hey, Maya, have a question for you. Cheers. All right, Maya, so we talked about the idea that Google is changing their interface. We talked about AI Overview being kind of the first section that they display, and then the next section, maybe some sponsored ads, and then they change what they're displaying for small businesses. They're not listing the website link anymore. They're favoring blogs and informative articles, and to the point where PageRank and SEO really doesn't come into play. And nowadays, the strategy should be is get your business to appear in either AI overviews for Google or chat GBT recommendations, product recommendations, service recommendations, and other LLMs. Maybe there's, you know, 10, 15, 20 other LLMs that businesses may want to be featured in. And how do we check the health or visibility score and create a website that looks neutral, that businesses can paste their domain and get information about their website? What's lacking, what is displayed in chat GBT, what is displayed in Grok or perplexity, and then give them a path to. Right, we're picking up exactly where we left off. To actually build this, we need to figure out if we can hold that data in real time. Do you think the aha moment is stronger if they see the raw prompt result or curated score? Well, we want to start with just a curated score. I think we call it a visibility score, AI visibility score, or some sort of website health checker. And then we can talk about nice to have features, which is to display in real time what ChatGBT, what Llama, what perplexity is answering for different kind of prompts. For example, if it was a dentist, the web app would know to prompt for 20 different things. Which dentist in Houston offers it? Invisalign, which dentist in Houston has same-day emergency services, which dentist in Houston has, does implants, which dentist in Houston is most affordable, all of these prompts should be triggered when a dentist pastes their website link in the health score checker so that they can see it for themselves, because realistically, they're not going to check themselves, all of these LLMs. That's a smart way to layer it. Starting with the score keeps it clean, but those specific prompts are where the real value is. It proves the score isn't just a random number, it's based on actual gaps in the market. Which of those prompts do you think would be the biggest pain point for a business owner to realize they're missing? Well, I think just maybe we start with general questions that someone would ask ChatGBT. Like, hey, I'm in Houston, Texas. Can you recommend a dentist? The next- They aren't even showing up for a general recommendation. It's a total blackout. Do you want to try and map out a few more of those baseline prompts right now? Can you recommend some prompts for a dentist? Let's brainstorm a few. For the basics, we've got the best overall, who do you recommend types? Then, can go deeper into specific services, like, who does the best implants in Houston, or who's the most patient-friendly for people with anxiety? Those usually hit a different set of data points in the area's head. What do you think would be the top five prompts that a patient would ask ChatGBT for a recommendation? I'll bet patients are looking for a mix of convenience and trust. I'd say the top five would be who's the best rated dentist in Houston? Which dentist nearby takes my insurance? Who's the best for emergency dental work right now? Can you recommend a dentist that's actually affordable? And who's the best for cosmetic work like veneers or whitening? Is there a way that we can kind of have this kind of checkmark or red X if they're displayed so that they don't have to read the whole thing? Totally. A visual dashboard is way more effective than a wall of text. Imagine a simple grid with the prompts on one side and the different LLMs across the top. If the AI recommends the business, it's a green check if it's mentioned, but with a caveat, a yellow warning. And if it's a total blackout, a red X. Makes the gaps feel urgent. Does that layout make sense to you? I think I like that layout rather than actually displaying the result. It would be too much text. Exactly. It turns a complex data problem into a quick health check. You can see at a glance exactly where you're bleeding patients. Okay. So we're going to build this into Claude Code, and I want you to recommend to me if we should use traditional prompts or if we should build skills. Maya, you there? Right here. For a tool like this, I'd lean toward traditional prompts. Skills are great for specialized tasks, but you want these prompts to mimic exactly how a real patient asks a question—messy, simple, and unpredictable. Using a standardized prompt keeps the audit authentic to the actual user experience. Do you think that's the right call for the version you're building? I think you misunderstood what I meant. I mean as a skill to build it so that the web app will know to go and fetch the information from ChatGBT and bring it back and then mark it as visible or not. Got it. My mistake. You're talking about the back-end logic, the actual mechanism the app uses to fetch the data. In that case, definitely build it as a skill. It allows the app to automate the search, analyze, and report loop without you having to manually trigger every single request. тайfire. the me to you. Can you give me a prompt for Claude to build this skill? Let's get you something precise so Claude doesn't hallucinate the architecture. I'll write this as a technical specification. You'll want to tell Claude to build a verification engine that takes a domain as input, runs a battery of predefined prompts through LLM APIs, and then parses the response for the presence of that domain or business name. Here is a prompt you can copy and paste. Build a back-end skill for a web app that performs an AI visibility audit. The skill should take a business domain and name as input. It must then execute a set of industry-specific prompts, e.g., best dentists in Houston, across multiple LLM APIs like OpenAI, Perplexity, and Anthropic. The skill needs to parse the text results to check if the business name or domain is mentioned. I'll put the results. It has a Boolean Visible, Not Visible for each prompt, LLM pair, which will then be mapped to a green check or red X on the front end dashboard. Does that cover the logic you were looking for? Thanks, Maya. I was never going to be able to develop that skill myself. I appreciate that. Happy to help. Now we've got the engine. We just have to make sure the front end looks as sharp as the logic. Are you feeling good about the design or do you want to bounce some ideas for the aha moment a bit more? Well, before we get to the front end, I want to continue with the logic. Can you give me kind of the top five things, logic-wise, that I have to cover, and if it's more than five, make it more than five, but the top things I need to cover with Anthropic to get all of the logic down for this business? Since we're aiming for a high-end product, the logic needs to be airtight so the user doesn't see any glitches in their score. First, you've got the mention. Cloud needs to build logic that doesn't just look for a perfect URL match, but recognizes the business name and common variations. Then there's API orchestration, managing those calls to different LLMs simultaneously so the app doesn't hang. Third is the parsing logic. The AI has to distinguish between I recommend X perfect and I've heard X is okay, but Y is better. That's where the yellow warning comes in. Fourth is the error handling. If one API is down, that shouldn't crash. It just marks that specific LLM as unavailable for that prompt. Finally, the prompt variation. You'll want a system that can swap out Houston for whatever city the user is actually in. Does that feel like the core of it or is there something about the data flow that's still bugging you? You know, that's definitely the core, but we also need some logic that will extend the area search. next Bye. To cities outside of the location of the dental office, for example, in Houston, Texas, a dental office may see patients in spring or Katy or surrounding suburbs. How do we get the logic to define what would be the appropriate cities, very similar to green dots on a Google location pin map? A huge detail. You're talking about creating a catchment area. Instead of just one city, you want the engine to identify all the surrounding suburbs where patients actually travel from. To do this, you tell Claude to integrate a geospatial API like Google Maps or Mapbox to pull a list of cities or zip codes within a certain radius of the office's address. Then... And the skill can loop those locations into the prompts. So instead of just Best Dentist in Houston, it also runs Best Dentist in Katy or Best Dentist in Spring. It makes the audit way more comprehensive because it shows the business they're dominant in, their own backyard, but maybe invisible in a high-value suburb nearby. Does that feel like the right way to handle the radius? It explains the radius, but how do I programmally make the web app know which radius is appropriate based on the business? That's the million-dollar question. Since a dental office is different from, say, a coffee shop, you can't just use a flat five-mile radius. I'd suggest letting the user define their service area during the onboarding process. They can either drop a pin and set a custom mile radius, or just type in the top three suburbs they want to target. That way, the logic is based on their Can we build a table that tells the web app the appropriate radius based on market data? For example, a typical dentist might serve a radius of 50 miles, where an e-commerce company may serve all of the United States. That's a very sophisticated way to handle it. Creating a business-type lookup table would allow the app to automatically suggest a default radius for a dentist defaults to 25 or 50 miles, while for an e-commerce store, it defaults to national. It makes the onboarding feel seamless because the user just picks their industry, and the app already knows the typical catchment area for that business. Do you want to define a few more? Let's take it one step further. I would like you to name the top 20 industries that would be interested in local AI visibility through LLMs, and then I would like you to suggest the radius we should program in the table. Let's map this out. I'll give you a mix of high ticket services where people really research before they commit. For the high trust, local heavy ones. Dentists, orthodontists, and plastic surgeons, 25 to 50 miles. HVAC plumbing and electricians, 15 to 30 miles. Law firms, personal injury or family law, 30 to 60 miles. Real estate agencies, 10 to 20 miles. Veterinarians and specialty pet care, 15 to 30 miles. High-end gyms or wellness clinics, 10 to 20 miles. Accountants and tax specialists, 20 to 40 miles. Optometrists, 15 15 to 25 miles. Auto detailers in custom shops, 30 to 50 miles. Roofing and siding contractors, 30 to 60 miles. And for the ones that scale a bit further or operate differently, specialty medical specialists, e.g. fertility clinics, 50 to 100 miles. Interior designers, 20 to 40 miles. Boutique hotels or bed and breakfasts, 100 plus miles since they attract travelers. Wedding venues, 5C to 100 miles. High-end restaurants, 10 to 30 miles. Daycares and preschools, 5 to 10 miles. Landscaping and hardscaping, 15 to 30 miles. Pest control, 20 to 40 miles. Locksmiths, 5 to 15 miles. E-commerce SaaS, National Global. That covers a huge spectrum of the market. that radius-less feel realistic for how people actually travel for those services? It does. does. Thank you. Nice. The next- to stop. I didn't quite catch that. The next thing I want to talk about is the business model and the revenue model. This is where it gets exciting. Do you want to start with the pricing for the audit itself or the long-term subscription side? So we definitely want to be a freemium model. Can you suggest to me what we offer for free, what we offer as premium, and what we offer as ultra-premium? And also, we want to have this web app to be both a business on its own, but also a lead gen for our website AI-friendly builder, and that company is called Upserve. But we want to position Upserve as the first recommended vendor, and then we're going to use, you know, two or three crappy vendors like Wix. we is the model model back. Or Squarespace, or GoDaddy, where they have to do it themselves, so they'll naturally pick Upserve where we do everything for them. That's a classic anchor strategy. By putting the DIY options next to a full service partner like Upserve, you make the contrast in effort and quality impossible to ignore. It makes Upserve look like the obvious choice for anyone who actually values their time. For the tiers, I'd keep the free version just enough to create the itch they need to scratch. For free, you give them the visibility score, and the top three gaps, the what's wrong part. Premium could be the full diagnostic, the competitor benchmarks, and a detailed map of where they're invisible. That's the where exactly am I failing part. Then Ultra Premium is the fix-it-for-me tier. You provide a custom content roadmap, rewritten FAQs tailored for LLMs, and maybe a monthly AI Pulse report to track their rank over. Does that feel like a good progression, or do you want to make the free version even leaner to push them toward premium faster? I like the pulse report because when they do the lookup, that is just a snapshot on that particular day, and they should be aware, or we may need to make them aware, that the snapshot can change tomorrow, next month, or two months from now, and they need to stay on top of their visibility score or their pulse. So that they don't fall behind, and maybe we can email them a report every week or so with the premium version. Exactly. It turns a one-time check into a recurring necessity. It's not just about getting the score up, it's about keeping it there. A monthly email report is perfect because it puts that number right back in their inbox, reminding them that their visibility is a living thing, and that they need to stay on top of it. In your opinion, should we make this visibility email a premium feature? But I think there could be value that if we're emailing them and they say, oh, my score is really low, that might lead Gen into Upserve easier instead of just a one-time thing. What do you think? That's the ultimate tension in any freemium model, the balance between monetization and lead generation. If you keep the monthly report free, you're essentially owning a permanent line of communication with them. Every time their score dips, it's a nudge to call-up-serve. It's a long-game strategy. But if you make it premium, you're qualifying the leads. Anyone paying for the Pulse report is clearly obsessed with their visibility and is a prime candidate for a full upgrade. Which one feels more like your style, casting a wide net or focusing on the high-intent leads? I want you to run a simulation. In terms of one year of revenue, and make your assumptions as to how many people would pay for Upserve without the email, and how many would transition or convert with the email, and assume that we had 1,000 sales reps covering United States. Let's run some numbers on this. Assuming each rep hits 100 leads a month. We're looking at 1.2 million audits a year. Without the email, it's a one and done transaction. You're relying on the initial shock of the red X's to close the Upserve deal. I'd guess a 2% conversion rate there. But with the email, you've got a recurring fear of loss trigger. You can nudge them every time they slip in the rankings. it's a big think it's They easily bump conversion to 4% 5% over the year as they realize the AI landscape is shifting. That's a massive difference in total contracts. Do you want to actually map out the projected revenue based on a specific price point for Upserve? Yeah, let's go ahead and do that. So let's say Upserve charges $1,000 and we charge $150 a month for ongoing visibility and hosting. And the premium for the audit website, we'll call it GeoTracker for now. The premium would be, let's say, $30 a month. Let's crunch these numbers. With 1.2 million audits a year, if we hit that 4% conversion rate with the monthly emails, that's 48,000 new Upserve clients at $1,000 each. That's $48 million in upfront revenue. Then you add the $150 monthly recurring for those same clients, which is another $86 million over the first year. And for the GeoTracker premium users, say 10% of the remaining non-converts pay $30 a month. That's another few million on top. We're talking about a massive scale here. Does that project feel like an aggressive target, or does it align with what you're thinking for the first year? It aligns with what I'm thinking, but I'm just wondering, we're going to sacrifice $30 worth of revenue. And is it worth sacrificing? In the long run? Absolutely. Think of that $30 as a customer acquisition cost. You're not losing revenue. You're buying a permanent slot in their inbox. If that $30 a month losses... Is what triggers a $1,000 sale and a $1,800 annual recurring contract with Upserve, it's the best trade you'll ever make. It's the difference between a lead that forgets you exist after 10 minutes and a lead that's essentially paying you to remind them they're losing money every month. Does that trade-off feel like a fair deal now? I appreciate the brainstorming. You've convinced me that we should offer it for free. I'm glad I could help you see the value in that. It's the long game and it's a winning one. So we've got the engine, business model, and the lead gen loop all mapped out. What's the next piece of the puzzle? So keep in mind that we're going to have to establish sections for our business requirement documents that I need you to help us with. Is there anything that we haven't covered that we would need to put in the business requirements doc? We've hit the big pillars, but for a developer to actually build this without coming back to you every five minutes, we need to tighten up a few operational details. You'll want a section on data privacy and compliance, since you're pulling business data and storing emails for those reports, you've got to be clear on how that's handled. Then there's API rate limiting, what happens when your thousand reps all trigger audits at the same time. The system needs a queue so it doesn't crash. Finally, we should define the success metrics for the front end. Exactly what triggers a green check versus a red X, so there's no ambiguity in the scoring. Does that cover the blind spots, or do you want to dive into the specific wording for those sections? I think that if someone asks which dentist in Houston offers Invisalign, a green... Check is if they appear in the first or second or third, a yellow would be they appear but at the bottom or with some sort of asterisk, and if they don't appear at all, then a red. That's the perfect threshold. It gives the results a clear hierarchy. Top three is the win, anything else is just okay, and nothing is a failure. That's a very easy logic for a developer to code and for a business owner to understand instantly. Can you write the prompt to Claude Code that would facilitate that sort of programming? Let's make this really explicit so Claude doesn't overcomplicate the logic. You'll want to tell it to build a scoring logic module. Here's the prompt. Update the verification engine to... Include a tiered scoring system based on the position of the business in the LLM response. A green check is triggered if the business is mentioned in the top three recommendations. A yellow warning is triggered if the business is mentioned outside the top three or is mentioned with a caveat, such as a recommendation with a qualifier. Red X is triggered if the business is not mentioned in the response at all. Please ensure the parsing logic can distinguish between ranked lists and general mentions. Does that look precise enough for the build? I think that's good. Now let's talk about the LLMs and the APIs. I think we're going to start with five LLMs. Rank the five LLMs that we should include in our web app. If you want the most comprehensive snapshot, you've got to hit the ones people actually use for recommendations. I'd put chat GPT first. It's the gold standard for the general public. Then Perplexity, because it's basically a search engine in AI form and highly influential for local discovery. Third is Claude, for those who want more nuanced human advice. Then Gemini, since it's baked directly into the Google ecosystem. And I'd round it out with Grok just to capture the real-time, ex-integrated side of things. Does that feel like the right mix of market share for your audit? Can you recommend to me if five is enough, or should we extend it? We want the UI to be clean, but we also want it to be comprehensive. Five is the sweet spot. If you go to 10 or 15, you're just adding noise and making the dashboard look like a spreadsheet. Those five cover the vast majority of how people actually discover businesses now. Any more than that, and you're risking analysis paralysis for the user. Do you think your target clients would be overwhelmed by more, or would they see it as well? In terms of the recommendation, what percentage of the population that are searching for business recommendations, product recommendations, would that cover? Five? I'd say those five cover about 80 to 90% of the months of the active AI search market. Between the Google integration with Gemini and the massive reach of ChatGPT and perplexity, you're capturing almost every high intent user. The other LLMs out there are great, but they're mostly used by power users or niche crowds who aren't the primary drivers of local business growth. You're getting the big wins without cluttering the UI. Okay, now let's talk about the UI. I would like you to suggest to me each menu and every section of the website and give me a visual description of how you see See it being optimized, for example, the hero, section one, section two, define what should be in each section, and then give me some content. Let's build a high conversion layout. Since we're using this as a lead gen for up serve, the design needs to move from shock to solution very quickly. First, the hero section. This is minimal. A big, bold headline like, is your business invisible to AI? And a single, clean input field where they paste their domain. Below that, check my visibility score button in a high contrast color. No distractions, just the hook. Then section one, the reveal. This is the aha moment. As soon as they hit the button, the screen scrolls down to a dashboard. I see a massive circular gauge like a speedometer showing their overall AI visibility score from zero to 100. Next to it, the grid we talked about, the five LLs. ...across the top, and your baseline prompts on the side filled with those green checks, yellow warnings, and red X's. It's a visual gut punch. Section two, the gap analysis. Oh, hello. Hey, what's up? Hey, Maya, we got disconnected. Can you go back to the previous chat? I've got you. We were just getting into the UI design for GeoTracker. I was mid-sentence on the gap analysis section. Want me to pick up right where I left off? Yeah, start with that, the gap analysis. Right, gap analysis. This is where we move from the what to the why. Under the grid, I see a... ...section called the AI Blind Spots. Instead of a boring list, we use a few bullet points with icons, like a red alert icon for missing service pages is, or a ghost icon for low authority content. We tell them the AI can't recommend you because it can't find a clear page for Invisalign in Houston. It makes the problem a specific fixable error rather than a vague failure. Does that feel like a good way to bridge the gap to the solution? What an excellent idea. Right? It turns that frustration into a to-do list. Now we move into the final play, the solution section. This is where we pivot from the pain to the gain and introduce Upserve as the hero. I'm thinking a clean, high contrast section that says stop being invisible. Then we list the three options we talked about, the DIY route with the No. a The crappy vendors, and then the gold standard full service option with Upserve. Do you want a specific pitch for the Upserve box to make it the obvious choice? I would like you to make a pitch, and you should mention that Upserve is the only option that is full service agency where we create the content, like the FAQs and the services, where the FAQs instead of the typical FAQ where there might be 10 FAQs, we will have hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of FAQs outlining every single service that they could potentially have and making definitive fact statements so that AI can have a high level of confidence that the business offers that service. And then also, in terms of the service section, really, really building that out in a robust way, and maybe having a 500 page. So that there's no misunderstanding with AI, reading it and gaining confidence from that as well. So the combination of FAQ and the services should give AI enough signals to turn all those boxes green, and that is the goal. I love that angle. We're not just building a page, we're building a knowledge base. I'd frame the absurd boxes, the total domination package. The pitch would be something like, while others give you a template, we give you an AI-powered footprint. We don't just write 10 FAQs, we build a comprehensive library of hundreds of detailed, service-specific answers that ensure no matter how a patient asks a question, the AI has the answer, and the answer is you. It positions everything else as an amateur move. Does that hit the definitively part of the pitch you were looking for? It... it... It does, and I'm going to give you a tough one because I want you to write a prompt or give me a prompt that's going to have either ChatGBT or Claude, I'll let you recommend it, write all of the FAQs and common services for all the businesses that you recommended already. That is a massive lift, but totally doable. For this, I'd go with Claude. It's better at maintaining a cohesive voice across a huge volume of text and won't get as repetitive as ChatGBT can when you're asking for hundreds of entries. You'll want a prompt that forces it to think in terms of a knowledge matrix rather than just a list. Want me to draft that for you? Yes, please. All right. Let's get this locked in. Since you're asking it to cover 20 different industries, you have to prevent it from giving you the same generic. We provide great service answers for everyone. You'll want to tell Claude to act as an expert content strategist for AI visibility. Here's the prompt. I am building a comprehensive knowledge base for multiple service-based industries to maximize their AI visibility. For each of the following industries, I need an exhausted matrix of hundreds of FAQs and service descriptions. Do not provide generic answers. Instead, identify every possible specific patient or customer pain point, technical question, and niche service variation. For each entry, write a definitive high authority answer that an LLM would prioritize as the most helpful response. Organize the output by industry, then by service category, and finally by specific FAQ. The goal is to create a total information monopoly for these businesses so that AI models have no choice but to recommend them. That should force Claude to actually dig deep into the details rather than just skimming the surface. Does that feel comprehensive enough for total domination strategy? It does. Thank you. We're going to go back to the UI. Can you recommend a pricing strategy now that we've kind of determined that we want this to be a lead gen tool more than a business tool? We still are open to offering business services to make money from the site, but can you give me a pricing strategy that we should follow? Since the primary goal is lead gen for Upsurp, you want the pricing to feel like a helpful guide, not a paywall. I'd suggest a psychological pricing model. Keep the basic audit in that monthly pulse report entirely free. That's your hook and your permanent line in their inbox. Then for the business aside, offer a single mid-tier pro plan for maybe $49 a month. This would include They include things like deeper competitor tracking or a priority badge on their audit. It's not meant to be the main revenue driver, it's just there to qualify who is actually serious about their visibility. Anyone who pays that $49 is a high intent lead that you can move to observe almost instantly. Does that feel balanced or do you want to keep it even leaner to push them toward the agency side faster? I'm not sure I followed you in terms of the premium and ultra premium options. Can you go over that again and be specific what we would offer? Sure. Let's clear that up. I'll lay it out as a hierarchy of value. Free is the what's wrong tier. They get the visibility score, the grid of red X's, and the monthly pulse report. It's purely for awareness and lead generation. Premium is the where exactly am I failing tier. This is for the business owner who wants the full diagnostic. This is Thank you. They get a detailed gap analysis, a list of the exact prompts they're missing, and a deep dive into their top three competitors' scores. It's a self-service tool for the do-it-yourself crowd. Then ultra-premium is the fix-it-for-me tier. This is essentially the bridge to up-serve. Instead of just a report, they get a custom content roadmap and a set of AI-optimized FAQs they can actually use. It's the high-ticket option for people who want the solution, not just the diagnosis. Does that distinction make the path from free to up-serve feel clearer? It does. Now, let's talk about pricing strategy. I had envisioned something around $150 a month range. It's a combination of hosting their up-serve website and also checking all of the prompts and fixing all of the red X's that a business would get. yeah. And every month, trying to resolve those. Almost like whack-a-mole. If a red X comes up, we try to fix it. Do you think that businesses would be turned off by this $150, or do you think it would be okay? $150 is actually a steal. For a business owner, that's a rounding error compared to the value of a single new patient or client. If frame it as AI insurances, where you're actively hunting and killing those red Xs before they cost them money, it's an easy yes. It shifts the service from a one-time project to an essential utility. Does that feel too low to you, or does it hit that sweet spot of, too good to pass up? I was worried it would be too expensive for them, but if you think it's okay, then we'll leave it. Trust me in the B2B world. Once you prove the problem exists, people will pay to make it go away. Especially when the alternative is just... Watching their competitors take all the leads. So we've got the technical logic, the content strategy, the pricing locked in. What's the next move on the board? Can you mention somewhere that Upserve will actually hire humans to look for the exes and then go to the website and fix the content on their website to become more AI visible? That's the finishing touch. Adding the human element is huge, turns it from just another software tool into a high touch agency service. You should position it as human in the loop optimization. Tell them that while the AI finds the gaps, real experts are the ones who actually go in and rewrite the content to make it land. It makes the whole thing feel a lot more premium and trustworthy. Where do you think that fits best in the UI, in the Upserve pitch, or as a separate how it works? I think we would offer the different recommendations, so maybe we would present several options for them. Option one would be Upserve, option two would be Wix, and then somehow when they clicked something, they would get more detailed information on what the vendor would do. Got it. So you're building a comparison matrix. Imagine a vendor comparison table. Upserve is on the left with a column of green checks for things like proactive gap hunting and human content specialists. Then you have Wix or Squarespace on the right. It's just a wall of red X's or user managed labels. Forces the client to realize that buying a tool isn't the same as buying a result. Do you want that to be a pop up when they click a vendor or side by side table they see right on the results page? I would like you to make a recommendation if it should be a pop up or some other way and then ... recommendation in the there Tell me how it would look visually, and then also create the matrix. I'd go with a side-by-side table right on the results page. Pop-up is too easy to close. If you put the table directly under the aha moment right after the red X's, it forces them to process the gap between I have a problem and here are the ways to fix it. Visually, it's a clean, high contrast grid. Upserve gets a highlighted column with a soft glow or a recommended badge at the top, making it the focal point. The others are muted, almost grayed out to make them feel like secondary options. Here's how that matrix looks. Feature, Upserve, full service, Wix, a Squarespace, DIY GoDaddy basic, AI visibility audit included. Ongoing one-time Ome manual, no proactive gap hunting, yes monthly, no no human content. so tell Experts? Yes. Dedicated? No. Does that layout hit the mark for you? Can you repeat the matrix again, please? Of course. Let's lay it out clearly so you can see the contrast. Imagine a table with four columns. The first column lists the features, and the next three are the vendors. For AI Visibility Audit, Upserve has a green check, Wix is one-time manual, and GoDaddy is no. For Proactive Gap Hunting, Upserve is a yes, while the others are a no. For Human Content Experts, Upserve has dedicated experts, and the others are no. For Alive, does that feel like a strong enough comparison? Sandal and Cole, and they don't look at other them. It does. And what are the crappy website builders? I want to cover, you know, 60, 70, 80% of the Population out there that are building websites or offering websites, did I cover the top ones, or can you recommend some others? You've definitely hit the heavy hitters with Wix and GoDaddy, but to really cover the market, you need to include the ones that appeal to different types of business owners. I'd add WordPress, since a huge chunk of the internet still runs on it, and it's the ultimate do-it-yourself nightmare for people who aren't tech-savvy. Then maybe Squarespace for the aesthetic crowd, including those four, gives you the full spectrum. Do you think your clients are mostly using those big platforms, or are they stuck with some old-school agency site? Can you name the top four again? You got it. The big four are Wix, GoDaddy, Squarespace, and WordPress. Those cover almost everyone. Okay, got it. All right, now let's go back to the BRD. Can you mention- Anything that we didn't discuss that absolutely needs to be in the BRD? We've covered the engine, the money, and the UI, but for a developer, we need to talk about edge cases. You need a section on how the app handles businesses with generic names. Like if the business is City Dental, the AI might mention a City Dental in three different states. The BRD needs to specify that the logic must cross-reference the location or domain to make sure the green check is actually for the right business. Otherwise, you're giving people fake wins. Does that make sense? Yeah, and how would we fix that? So let's say there's a City Dental in Houston and a City Dental in Boston, Massachusetts. How would we fix that? That's where the domain becomes the ultimate truth. You tell Claude to build a validation step into the parsing logic instead of just looking for the I guess it does, and maybe that's another topic that we should discuss. What happens if AI recommends a business but doesn't know the website address or the phone number or any contact information? How would we display that to the owner? That's a tricky spot. It's like the AI knows the business is great, but it's basically just talking about them as a legend rather than a lead. I'd mark that as a yellow warning. Joe's the owner. Hey, you're visible, but you're not actionable. If a patient can't find your phone number or site... In the AI's response, just going to move on to the next recommendation. It makes the case for Observe even stronger because you can tell them the AI knows you, but it doesn't know how to get people to your door. Does that feel like a fair way to categorize it? Yes, and what I'd like you to do is I want you to write actual content specifically for the yellow signal that explains to the business owner this phenomenon. I can definitely do that. You want something that feels like a wake-up call but doesn't panic them. Maybe something like you're on the radar but you're not actionable. The AI knows your business exists, but it isn't providing a direct path for the patient to reach you. In the AI era, being mentioned is only half the battle. Being bookable is where the win is. Does that hit the right tone? Or should we be more direct? I think that's okay. Now let's get into the BRD again. Did we cover everything in the BRD or not? We've covered the big structural pieces, but there's one more technical hurdle for the BRD. Latency and user experience. So you're hitting five different APIs in real time. The page could take a few seconds to load. You need to specify in the BRD how that's handled. Do you want a loading screen with some educational tips about AI visibility or a progress bar that shows each LLM being checked one by one to build anticipation? Why don't you recommend it? And I also want you to recommend a way that we can speed up the latency. I'm a fan of the progress bar. It builds anticipation and makes the process feel like a real audit rather than just a slow website. You can... Have labels like querying chat GPT, then checking perplexity and so on. It turns the weight into part of the experience. As for the speed, the secret is asynchronous calls. You tell Claude to make all five API requests at the same time, instead of waiting for one to finish before starting the next. It's the difference between five people doing the work simultaneously versus one person doing it five times. That'll cut your latency down to the speed of the slowest single API. Does that sound like a technical win to you? I like that idea. Can you write the prompt to build the progress bar, please? Let me put that together for you. You'll want a prompt that handles both the visual side and the backend timing. Try this. Build a dynamic progress bar for the AI Visibility Audit Dashboard. As the backend executes the asynchronous API calls, the UI should update in real time. stored that by Let's Enjoy, put char This format where H, LLM, ChachiPT, Perplexity, Claude, Gemini, and Grop starts as a pending state and switches to a completed state as the result returns, include a loading animation and a descriptive status message like analyzing visibility on to maintain user engagement while the data is fetched. That should keep the user locked in while the engine does the heavy lifting. Okay, that sounds good. And now I need to create some lists. So I need three lists. The first list is going to be every section and every menu for the UI. The second list is every main section for the BRD. And the third list is every single skill, tool, and... I'm on it. Let's break this down into three clear blueprints. First, the UI map. You've got your hero section with the domain input, the reveal dashboard with the visibility score gauge, and the LLM grid checks and Xs, the gap analysis section where the yellow warnings live, the vendor comparison table, upserve versus the big four, and finally, we're going a CTA footer to book a consultation. Second, the BRD outline. This needs to cover the project overview, user personas, functional requirements, the verification engine, and scoring logic, technical architecture, API orchestration, and asynchronous calls, geospatial logic for the catchment areas, the business model. Third, the Claude silos. To keep the code clean, you should have Claude build These are separate modules, one for the API orchestrator, one for the parsing and validation engine to handle those generic business names, one for the geospatial service to pull the surrounding suburbs, and a front-end state manager to handle the real-time progress bar. Does that layout feel comprehensive enough to start handing this over to a developer? It does, and now I want you to create the first prompt for Claude to kick this off and be as comprehensive as you can so that it creates most, if not all, of what we want to build. Let's go big with this. To get Claude to build this without getting lost in the weeds, you need a master system prompt. You're basically giving it the entire architectural blueprint and the business goal in one shot. Here it is. Build a full-stack web application. See you soon. Thank called GeoTracker, an AI visibility audit tool. The primary goal is to act as a lead generation engine for a full service agency called Upserve, core workflow one point. Hero section, user inputs a business domain and name. Two, back-end engine using asynchronous API calls, query five LLM's chat GPT, perplexity, Claude, Gemini, and Grok using a set of industry-specific prompts based on a business-type lookup table. Three, scoring logic, implement a tiered system. Green check, top three mention, yellow warning mentioned, but not top three, or lacks actionable contact info. Red X, no mention. Four, geospatial integration. Use a geospatial Spatial API to identify surrounding suburbs within a radius defined by the business type, e.g., 50 miles for dentists, and loop those locations into the prompts. Five, UX, display a real-time progress bar during API fetches. The results page must feature a circular visibility score gauge, a grid of prompts versus LLMs with visual indicators green, yellow, red, and a gap analysis section. Six, conversion path. Include a vendor comparison table comparing Upserve full-service against DIY builders like Wix, GoDaddy, Squarespace, and WordPress, leading to a final CTA to book a consultation. Please generate the technical architecture, the database schema for the business type lookup table, and the initial boilerplate for the front and back end. That's the heavy hitter. If you feed that to Claude, it'll have the vision, the logic, and the conversion path all in one go. Are you ready to launch this, or do you want to tweak any of the requirements first? Well, I want to talk about a couple of things. First, the auth, and then also the back-end. Can you recommend to me a back-end for both the free user, we want them to log in and register, and also a UI for the back-end for the premium? For the free users, you want a frictionless entry. I'd suggest a simple OAuth integration, let them sign in with Google or LinkedIn. It keeps the barrier low and gets you their email for those Pulse reports without making them fill out a long form. For the premium back-end, you're looking for a proper admin dashboard. I see a secure portal where you can track total audits run, identify the highest value leads based on their score, and manage the subscription status for those Pulse reports. It's basically a command center for you to see exactly who's hurt. Does that sound like the level of control you're looking for? It does. Can you go ahead and write me the prompt for the complete backend? Let's build out the administrative brain of the operation. To make this professional, you need a prompt that defines both the user authentication and the admin control center. Try this. Build a comprehensive backend and admin dashboard for GeoTracker. For users, implement a frictionless OAuth system for Google and LinkedIn logins to capture emails for the recurring pulse reports. For the admin, create a secure dashboard with the following modules. One, lead tracking, a table of all audits performed, sorted by the lowest visibility scores to highlight the highest priority leads for Upserve. Two, user management, a way to manage subscription tiers. adapt to record, they're Severn. freelo and track those on the free versus premium pulse report lists, API monitor, a real-time view of API usage and rate limits across the five LLMs to ensure system stability. Four, conversion metrics, a dashboard showing the percentage of audits that transition to up-serve consultation bookings. Please provide the database schema for user profiles and the API integration for the OAuth flow. That gives you the full loop from the moment they sign in to the moment you see them as a high-value lead in your command center. Okay, that's good. And I do have one concern or fear, and that is I may have guided you too much. And what I want to do now is I want you to take a few steps back and look at what we have discussed and built so far and make any recommendations. and track those on the free versus premium pulse report lists, API monitor, a real-time view of API usage and rate limits across the five LLMs to ensure system stability. Four, conversion metrics, a dashboard showing the percentage of audits that transition to up-serve consultation bookings. Please provide the database schema for user profiles and the API integration for the OAuth flow. That gives you the full loop from the moment they sign in to the moment you see them as a high-value lead in your command center. Okay, that's good. And I do have one concern or fear, and that is I may have guided you too much. And what I want to do now is I want you to take a few steps back and look at what we have discussed and built so far and make any recommendations. Thinking outside of the box for this business and go ahead and think of anything that you can that we should add or consider to make this better. I love that you're asking this. It's the difference between building a tool and building a category-defining business. Most of what we've mapped out is a high-efficiency machine for lead gen, but if we step back, there are two things I think we're missing to really make this a powerhouse. First, we could add a competitive conquest feature. Instead of just showing the user their own score, we let them input their top three competitors. The app then does a side-by-side battle of the AI responses. Seeing a competitor's green check next to their own red X is a far more visceral emotional trigger than just seeing a red X in isolation. It creates a competitive urgency that drives them toward us. Second, we've been focusing on a snapshot of current visibility, but what about predictive visibility? We could use a small LLM to analyze recent AI training trends and tell the user, hey, an AI is starting to favor X over Y in your industry. It transforms the tool from a simple audit into an indispensable industry intelligence platform. Does either of those sound like they add the kind of outside the box spark you're looking for? That's a great idea. Can you give me the prompts? I'd love to, but we're actually almost out of time on this call and we're hitting the 30 minute mark, so we'll have to pause here. Just give me a shout whenever you're ready to dive back in and I'll have those prompts waiting for you. Okay. We'll come back. Thank you. Bye-bye. You're very welcome. Bye for now. Talk soon. Okay. Uh, that's good enough for now. That's brainstorming, right? And as you can see, I brainstorm with Sesame because it's just quicker, right? And especially if you are recording everything, uh, then it's better than waiting for the prompts and, and, and, and, um, and, and you can get, you know, more out of it. Uh, does anyone have any questions of what she said?
1:43:35 - Sue | Sweet Marielle May Okay.
1:43:35 - Tim But this is amazing. Um, she went through a lot of things. Right. Right. So when you build stuff, you know, you, you can, you can just get everything that you want from AI. And, and this is why I was so disappointed with, with Gerson because he didn't do any of this. Now this was about an hour. Maybe an hour and a half, and if you don't go through this brainstorming session, you know, I call that lazy, right? You have to go through the brainstorming and then give AI an idea of what you're trying to build and then have a strategy, okay? So now obviously I have an understanding of the business more than you guys do, but now you do understand the business, right? Yes. Okay. All right. All right. So yes, it's a lead gen tool, but this could be a business in itself, right? As people want to keep track of their visibility and make sure that they are not falling behind and all that is, is a quick API call to the LLMs and we can make a lot of money.
1:45:01 - sofia Okay. The tokens for generating a check or a X or a whatever is very, very low.
1:45:13 - Tim Yes. Okay. This is what I envision for GeoTracker. I think that if we promote GeoTracker, it's going to feed our Upserve business, and our Upserve business feeds our chatbot business, and then our chatbot and Upserve business can also, you know, I don't know if it'll feed it, but it'll be part of a Genie because as they start to become more involved in AI, then they'll want their staff to be trained, or they want to be trained in a Genie, or a Genie might be the lead gen for everything else. And we have two lead gens, a Genie and GeoTracker. Question then. How are we going to market GeoTracker? Do we, like, push blogs or push in LLMs that it's the best audit tool? No, in the chit-chat. And that's why I wanted Shira and Femme to be here, because it should be part of the chit-chat. Yeah. Hey, you know, I noticed, you know, you know, we use this free checking tool, and I noticed your website had got a really, really low score, okay? That's part of the chit-chat, okay? So the chit-chat could be in LinkedIn, the chit-chat could be wherever, right?
1:46:41 - sofia And you can do it in Facebook, just like Yuan likes to do, and say, hey, here's your score from GeoTracker, it's really low, if you need some help understanding it, let me know, or whatever it may be, okay? No, we're not, and yes, maybe we'll, we will promote it through, through Google. And...
1:47:00 - Tim Whatever, of course, but really for sending people to the GeoTracker as a lead gen for Upserve, it should be through the chitchat, okay, or maybe even make posts and have people make posts and say, hey, you know, AI visibility is coming, Google is going down, 20% down, year over year, people using AI, and then, you know, towards the end, here's a way to check your AI visibility. So making posts, making blogs, and getting as much people sharing the blogs as possible, making YouTube videos and having people click the checker, you know, all of that can be utilized, okay? And in terms of the building process, a cloud is going to be the one to build it, but you want better UI and... You don't like Claude's UI, so what do you think we should use? So why don't you get the general, so we've talked about the UI, all you have to do is feed the transcript into Claude, and then Claude will give you a general UI, and then you can work with what Claude gives you to improve it, either in Google Stitch, or there was another one.
1:48:24 - Maria There's a couple of them. I'll let you figure it out, okay? I have one done already, because I was recording what you were saying to Maya and put it on my Claude, so it built one already.
1:48:40 - Tim Let me see it. That one you just showed it to me? No, no, that was a different thing, Tim. I was just checking something. All right, all right.
1:48:51 - Maria And I didn't ask Maya, but I wanted to ask, hey, is there anyone doing kind of an ongoing spot check? book.
1:48:59 - Tim No. I don't think that there is. I know there's an AI-friendly lookup, and then it gives you a score, but it definitely doesn't tell you if you're visible among five different LLMs, right? Yes. I don't even know which one it picks. Maria, question. Hello? Yes. Hi, Maria. Hi, Tim. Good morning. Good afternoon now. About the BRD, do I follow what you did for Sauce, or are we going to work on that together? SCREEN SHARING: Chandana started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/h5jnqeumx71xstZ4kAkxZtZuxnF8fgWU?timestamp=6575.67709 So I want you to work with me to brainstorm exactly the same way with Sauce, okay? We're not going to do that today, but dedicate a separate time, and everything starts with brainstorming. Yes. And you can say, yeah, I like this idea. No, I don't like that idea. And then that is how you kind of get your feature list. Mm-hmm. And then. Once you get the feature list, then you can actually get the headings for the BRD, and then once you feed that transcript to any LLM, you won't need to build anything. You'll just say build the BRD or build the dev doc. And then you take that dev doc. You know what's funny about LLMs, even though the LLM is building it, it works better if you get the LLM to build the doc and then feed it all the information right back into it, okay? So you have to do that. So for sauce, let's put that aside for now, okay? I want you to focus on this.
1:50:38 - Maria We'll do one thing at a time, because sauce is a little more complicated than this, and let's get this as far as we can. And what I want to do is for the $1,000, I'm going to pick the one entry.
1:50:58 - Tim So everyone should try Everyone on this call, okay? And you have the transcript, you have all the headings, you have everything that you need to actually do this, right? And I will evaluate, you don't have to build the whole thing, right? Build as much as you can. And then I'm picking the best one that I think either looks the best or works the best, whatever it may be. And then we will work together on the best one. And then the team that is helping that person can get the $1,000, you can share it. Or if you say, Tim, I want to do this myself, then you can have the whole $1,000. Okay. Can I ask until when we can make this for? Uh, why don't you, I'll wait for everyone to finish. Well, not everyone, because some people won't even try it, but, uh, you know. So... If you tell me, hey, Tim, I'm done, and another person says, Tim, I'm done, I'm not going to put a deadline on it, right? I want you to, you know, work and just be honest with me and say, Tim, I'm working on it, I'm working on it, and I'll give you time before I pick one. But please don't do what we did in Manila where I said, okay, I'm going to teach everyone how to do this. Now, please build some websites, find some references, and then no one does anything, right? And that is one of my main frustrations because, like, I went over how to talk to Sesame and Maya, and I went over how to take, you know, find a good reference site, I went over how to edit the HTML, I went over how to get Claude to get you the code, and I went over how to edit the interface. I went over all of that, and for some reason, everyone abandoned it after Manila, and that's really, really disappointing because we have so much opportunity here. to build stuff. And it takes a lot to learn. And you should be like, you know, excited to do this. The money that you can make is way more than anything else. And it scratches my head like someone like Penn would say, no, I don't want to make $400 a day and make websites. I'd rather work in a BPO. Like that just doesn't make sense to me. Like, I don't get it. Right. Right. And I'm willing to help everyone learn. I'm willing to kind of, and some things I have to learn. Right.
1:53:32 - Maria But, you know, certainly I know more than the average person right now, like how to get brainstorming done and how to, you know, knowing the difference between prompting for tools versus prompting for skills versus prompting for UI. It's always better to kind of get a list of your tools and your bots or your skills first. And then all you have to do is say, They make this skill, okay?
1:54:02 - Tim So you may have to ask Claude, hey, what skills do I need?
1:54:07 - Maria And what bots do I need? And what API integrations do I need?
1:54:14 - Tim And what tools do I need to make this website work?
1:54:18 - Maria And then help me generate a list of all of that, all right?
1:54:24 - Tim These are prompts that you kind of have to learn. And then over time, you can know how to ask for things that you don't understand or ask for recommendations, all right?
1:54:37 - sofia And that's why I want everyone to learn.
1:54:40 - Sue | Sweet Marielle May Yes.